greetings my YouTube and Facebook
friends first of all I'm going to put
this climber out that I love all people
I don't care who they are what they are
what they claim to be what their race
religion sex sexual orientation is
doesn't matter i love them all like
jesus does but sometimes we have to let
common sense intervene and this is what
I'm talking about right now place called
planet fitness I am recommending that
everyone who watches this video whether
you're a Christian or just a decent
person either cancels your membership
there if you have one or of word
constant and does not get a membership
if you're thinking about I also i'm
asking you to share this video with all
your friends have your friend shared
have their friendship etc right here in
michigan my state that i live in there
was a woman who was kicked out how to
her membership revoked from Planet
Fitness because she had a problem with
the man who was identifying himself as a
woman using the women's dressing room
showers etc she said he's a very
masculine man and she went to complain
to the manager that manager said this
person identifies as a woman not saying
they're even a transsexual or anything
else just they identify as a woman and
they kicked her out of the gym because
she was worried for herself other women
and maybe other of teenagers whoever
might be in there and I have no problem
with her worrying i'm worth one hundred
percent i would not want my wife or my
daughters to be in that situation if
planet fitness wants to have people who
identify themselves as women for
whatever the reason may be need to let
them use the staff bathroom or build a
separate bathroom for them it's not
discriminate against them let them use
the facilities I have no problem with
that at all but see here's the problem
we're brought up being of sex specific
when you're growing up in school you
don't have girls using the boys showers
and locker rooms in et cetera but
nowadays you do there a school districts
right now in this country that actually
ever prove that other place i think the
ymca somewhere may have done that if it
wasn't the y or something like the why
they did it this is starting to spread
its not an isolated incident something
is spreading around and something that
is unacceptable
our society let everyone have the right
to be able to use that gym hey more
power to you and if you're going to a
school somewhere and you identify as a
woman or man or whatever you're doing
hey you go to that school but you do not
use the restrooms and the shower
facilities you just don't it's not the
way it's supposed to be but seeing
people in this country are taking the
rights of the mini and having them
slashed by getting the right to the few
priority let me ask you a question you
can look at me and see that I'm a white
male what if I said that I was it Eskimo
if identified as an Eskimo an American
Indian where I get government subsidies
that go to Eskimos American Indians if I
identify myself as an illegal alien what
I get thirty thousand dollars in back
pay for for taxes like the other ones
going to get what I get all the benefits
they're going to get the freebies if I
just identify myself as a legal alien
what if I identify myself as a horse or
as a badger or as a rabbit or as a
rambutan maybe a llama what I'd be able
to live where they live and be part of
the society this is what i'm getting at
we need to use common sense sometimes
common sense it's been thrown out the
window people don't use your brains
anymore for anything at all so please
share this video please get the word out
and my videos are done most is a
christian ministry so below the video
title in the box I've got a prayer if
you want to be saved by Jesus precious
blood I've got a prayer and six model
next step do those as soon as you can if
you want to that's why do these videos
and other than that please get the word
out and share it as many as you possibly
can thank you for your time are also
conflicts with corporate office and let
them know I'm doing this thank you bye